BD-1469: Add filterable FAQ page (#3785)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/onboarding_faq.md

When you’re done, click **Save**. Your extension will begin processing. The length of time it takes to generate your extension depends on how many users you have, how many custom events or purchase events you’re capturing, and how many days you’re looking back in history.

Finally, after you've created an extension, you can use it as a filter when creating a segment or defining an audience for a campaign or Canvas. Start by choosing `Braze Segment Extension` from the filter list under the **User Attributes** section. From the Braze Segment Extension filter list, choose the extension you wish to include or exclude in this segment. To view the extension criteria, click **View Extension Details**. Now you can proceed as usual with creating your segment.

{% endapi %}
{% api %}

<!-- Campaigns -->

### How do you create a multichannel campaign?

{% apitags %}
Campaigns
{% endapitags %}

> To create a multichannel campaigns, go to the **Campaigns** page, select **Create Campaign**, then select **Multichannel Campaign**. Once in a multichannel campaign, select **Add Messaging Channel** from the compose tab to add your desired channels. Click the channel icons that appear to toggle through different messaging composers as you build your campaign copy for the different channels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a multichannel campaign, go to the **Campaigns** page, select **Create Campaign**, then select **Multichannel Campaign**. Once in a multichannel campaign, select **Add Messaging Channel** from the compose tab to add your desired channels. Click the channel icons that appear to toggle through different messaging composers as you build your campaign copy for the different channels.
```

{% endapi %}
{% api %}

### Why is there a difference between the number of unique recipients and the number of sends for a given campaign or Canvas?

{% apitags %}
Campaigns
{% endapitags %}

One potential explanation for this difference could be due to the campaign or Canvas having re-eligibility turned on. By having this on, users who qualify for the segment and delivery settings will be able to receive the message more than once. If re-eligibility is not turned on, then the probable explanation for the difference between sends and unique recipients may be due to users having multiple devices across platforms associated with their profiles.

For example, should you have a Canvas that has both iOS and web push notifications, a given user with both mobile and desktop devices could receive more than one message.

{% endapi %}
{% api %}

### What does local time zone delivery offer?

{% apitags %}
Campaigns
{% endapitags %}

Local time zone delivery allows you to deliver messaging campaigns to a segment based on a user’s individual time zone. Without local time zone delivery, campaigns will be scheduled based on your company’s time zone settings in Braze.

> For example, a London-based company sending a campaign at 12pm will reach users on the west coast of America at 4am. If your app is only available in certain countries, this may not be a risk for you, otherwise, we highly recommend avoiding sending early morning push notifications to your user base!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, a London-based company sending a campaign at 12 pm will reach users on the west coast of America at 4 am. If your app is only available in certain countries, this may not be a risk for you, otherwise, we highly recommend avoiding sending early morning push notifications to your user base!
```
